enhancement: support http SD in scrapeconfigs (#4826)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.operator.scrapeconfigs.md

}
```

### Static Configuration Example

This example shows a ScrapeConfig resource using static target discovery:

```yaml
apiVersion: monitoring.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: ScrapeConfig
metadata:
  name: static-targets
  namespace: monitoring
spec:
  staticConfigs:
  - targets:
    - "web-server-1.example.com:8080"
    - "web-server-2.example.com:8080"
    labels:
      job: "web-servers"
      env: "production"
  metricsPath: /metrics
  scrapeInterval: 30s
```

### HTTP Service Discovery Example

This example shows a ScrapeConfig resource using HTTP service discovery:

```yaml
apiVersion: monitoring.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: ScrapeConfig
metadata:
  name: http-discovery
  namespace: monitoring
spec:
  httpSDConfigs:
  - url: "http://service-registry.internal:8080/discover"
    refreshInterval: 60s
  metricsPath: /metrics
  scrapeInterval: 30s
  scrapeTimeout: 10s
```

> The HTTP endpoint (`http://service-registry.internal:8080/discover`) should return JSON in this format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP endpoint (`http://service-registry.internal:8080/discover`) returns JSON in this format:
```
